Lint commit messages to enforce consistency (#1059)
OpenTermsArchive/engine: CONTRIBUTING.md

- [Capitalize the subject line](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/#capitalize).
- [Do not end the subject line with a period](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/#end).
- [Use the imperative mood in the subject line](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/#imperative).

> - [Wrap the body at 72 characters](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/#wrap-72).

Reviewer: We should explain why we don't follow this rule even though it is part of the reference we "strive to follow":

"As we might use URLs for references in commit messages, we do not wrap the body text to ensure links are clickable in Git user interfaces."

> We add this additional rule:

Reviewer: Should be "these rules" if we now have more than one :)

- Do not rely on GitHub issue reference numbers in commit messages, as we have no guarantee the host system and its autolinking will be stable in time. Make sure the context is self-explanatory. If an external reference is given, use its full URL.

> - Do not use [conventional commit format](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/#summary) `<type>[optional scope]: <description>`, it will not be allowed, only describe what and why changes were made in one sentence.

Reviewer: I agree with that, but I feel a rationale why we don't allow it would be welcome 🙂

```suggestion
- Do not use the so-called “[conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/#summary)” format (`<type>[optional scope]: <description>`). There is no workflow in place for extracting metadata from such a format and it is thus needlessly cumbersome. 
```

Or maybe don't mention this at all since we already give a reference above?
